Release 4.0.0-beta.3 (#15)
blackbaud/skyux-pages: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.0.0-beta.3 (2021-06-15)

> - Replaced the `data` input with separate inputs. Added support for `skyHref`. Added support for navigation extras on needs attention router links. Show a message when there are no needs attention items. [#14](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-pages/pull/14)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced the `data` input with separate inputs. Added support for `skyHref`. Added support for navigation extras on needs attention router links. Added a message that displays when there are no needs attention items. [#14](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-pages/pull/14)
```
